Update README. (#168)
grpc/test-infra: tools/README.md

# Using prebuilt images with gRPC OSS benchmarks

The scripts in this folder:

* Build the images with the worker executables compiled and embedded.
* Push the images to specified registry.
* Delete the images from specified registry.

## Build and push images

The
script [prepare_prebuilt_workers.go](pre_built_workers/prepare_prebuilt_workers.go)

> builds images and pushes them to a user specified Google clooud registry. For

Reviewer: Nit: clooud ➞ cloud.

 -r test-infra/containers/pre_built_workers
```

These built `cxx` and `go` images contain the workers built from commit/branch
we wish to test.

The script `prepare_for_prebuilt_workers.go` takes the following options:

* `-l `<br> Language and GITREF to benchmark. The language and its specific
  GITREF to build the workers from can be specified as `language:COMMIT_SHA`.
  May be repeated. Valid input for language names are all in lower case:
  `java`, `go`, `csharp`, `c++`, `cxx`, `node`, `node_purejs`, `ruby`, `php7`
  , `php7_protobuf_c`, `python` and `python_asyncio`
* `-t` <br> Tag for prebuilt images. Tag is a required fields. Tag complies with
  [docker tag's restrictions](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/tag/#extended-description)

>   .

Author: The intelliJ's formatter did it for some reason. :(

 -t user-specified-tag
```

* `-t` <br> Tag for prebuilt images. Tag is the unique identifier for images to
  delete. If the image have multiple tags including the user specified tag, the
  tag specified here is removed from image's tag list, otherwise the image is
  deleted.

> * `-p` <br> Image registry to search images from. Only take image registry
>   without the image name. The image registry should also be the most direct

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+* `-p` <br> Image registry to search images from. Only accepts the image registry
+  prefix, not the actual image name. If the image registry supports nested repositories,
+ the image registry prefix should be the absolute path to the image's parent repository.
```
